Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
KAMOGAWA Boxing Gym
All right. that's enough.
Thank you. sir!
Right.
A bit of inactivity hasn't
dulled his power blow.
So. what shall we do about
the A-Class Tournament?
His punches haven't weakened...
but he hasn't done
nearly enough sparring.
I'm sure his match sense
has dulled down...
and we haven't come up with
a game plan to fight Saeki.
Ow...
Are you all right. Chief?
The kid hit me with nothing
but right body blows.
Body blows?!
Hey. kid.
Yes?
Are you all right. Chief?
Little fool! I'm not wimpy enough
to be swayed by your punches.
You used an awful lot of body blows.
so it got to me a little. you see.
I'm sorry.
Nah. that was a good way to hit.
Do you think so?
I imagined myself doing jabs
while moving clockwise...
to intercept him
at that point like this.
Who moves?
Who moves clockwise?
Uh. that's...
So it's your best try at forming
a plan of attack against Saeki.
Well. yes. But I definitely
need more practice. Um...
In the meantime. you appear
to be making rapid preparations.
Your plan of attack against Saeki
is right on target for now.
However!
If you're going to use it.
get in the ring intending to win!
You're taking part in
the A-Class Tournament!
Yes. sir!
A-Class Tournament List of Boxers
Featherweight Entry No.4
Ippo MAKUNOUCHI (Kamogawa Gym)
Japan Featherweight Ranking No.5
Height 164 cm Weight 57 kg Reach 167 cm
Fight History
8 matches 8 wins (8 KO) no losses
So. he came back.
NAKADAI Boxing Gym
Good afternoon!
So. they already started sparring.
How's Saeki shaping up. Okita-kun?
He's fast.
Even Date-san can't catch him.
I guess that's
the Speed Star for you.
Good!
Damn.
Hmph! When all's said and done.
I failed to catch you.
I was seriously trying to avoid that.
Speed before style. huh?
You're my least favorite type.
Least favorite? I'll take
those words as a compliment.
He's a hateful little bastard.
He won't use more than
60 to 70% of his full power.
Would it have been more fun
to make him go all out?
Speed Star.
He isn't going to be
an opponent...
you can beat by
ordinary means. Makunouchi.
An opponent
that's hard to fight?
Yes! Kimura-san. you...
I mean...
To an outboxer. what kind of boxer
is most difficult to fight?
Good question.
The type of boxer who charges
forward relentlessly like you...
is easy!
But the most difficult opponents are
those with better footwork than yourself.
They always get ahead
one trick at a time...
so you can't get your rhythm going.
you forget your pace.
At any rate. it's hard going.
Someone faster than yourself?
I'm going to continue now.
Oh. sure.
That would mean that if
I can move faster than Saeki-san...
Is he trying to outbox?
Sempai.
Knock that off. you tone-deaf freak!
You're screwing up my rhythm. too!
I'm sorry!
You can't do it! Give up!
Toyo Athletic University
Yo!
Oh. Saeki-sempai!
Good afternoon!
Well. you guys are as lively as ever.
This brings back memories.
Saeki. you bastard!
Thanks to you dropping out...
we were slaughtered
in the university meet!
You're looking well. Captain.
So? What's it like being a pro?
As I recall.
this white part of the glove...
was your excuse for
quitting amateur boxing.
You didn't like how hitting it scored
the same points as a knockdown.
It's all well and good
to compete with techniques...
but I found it lacked something.
Did you get what
you wanted in the pros?
What can I say?
The professional guys sure are great!
They have murder in their fists.
They strike at you risking their lives.
their souls in every shot.
I dodge their punch
by the skin of my teeth...
and in the next split-second.
I make my punch.
That dog-eat-dog instant.
a mere hundredth of a second...
is so great...
I can't get enough of it.
So. you chose the path
with the most thrills.
- Let me use that a second.
- Uh. sure.
You can't just leave this to strength.
You need to use momentum.
In other words. your spring.
Like this!
Holy cow!
The secret to Saeki's speed
is his extraordinary 'spring.'
There can't be many who can keep up
with your speed. even in the pros.
You probably can't get the thrill
you need if you can't get hit.
I get my thrills. Especially
with my upcoming opponent.
He's the man with the most
powerful fists in Japan Featherweight.
I'm counting on you.
Makunouchi!
Give me that special thrill
you've been holding back!
A week till the tournament. huh?
Did you formulate
some kind of plan?
Nope. Petty tricks and
fast cramming never pay off.
You got that right.
Whoa. Ippo! You've gotten
pretty good at that. haven't you?
Well. I've been studying sense
of rhythm nonstop the best I can.
Maybe fast cramming has
its own measure of success?
No. Hey. Ippo.
Can you throw punches with a backbone
while maintaining that speed?
I knew it. A professional
can see right through it.
Once I put my hands into it.
my rhythm goes all over the place.
If I can see that.
Saeki will see through it. too.
I guess petty tricks
are no good after all.
That was an exercise
in futility. Ippo!
Sempai. I don't think
it's a futile exercise.
Yeah. me neither.
If I can get closer to
Saeki-san's moves and rhythm...
I might realize something.
Do you mean.
to know thine enemy?
Then let's try it again!
I'll practice with you
as many times as it takes!
Yeah.
I'm going to punch you.
It's difficult to do with you
staring me in the eye like that.
I'm sorry.
All right. I'll narrow my eyes.
That's even worse!
Huh?
Is something wrong?
Uh. no...
It's just that I felt like
I just got a hint.
KONO General Hospital
Boss!
Oh. Umezawa-kun.
Are you alone?
Huh?
What are you hiding for. Ippo?!
Mom!
Go on!
Um. congratulations
on your recovery!
Oh. my.
This is wonderful. but I think
you're making a big deal of it.
That's true. But Umezawa-kun
said I HAD to. so...
This is a day of celebration.
so a bouquet is to be expected!
Do you think so?
More importantly. Boss...
What? Are we going
to bring it out now?
Well. you see. I had a lot of time
on my hands while I was here. so...
Here you are.
Wow. trunks!
Did you make these for me?!
What do you think?
They're way better than
your old ones. don't you think?
I'm responsible for the design.
Thanks! They're so cool!
Fishing Boat Rental MAKUNOUCHI
The name of the store's on them!
That's right! You are
a fighting advertisement!
What?!
Don't you dare fall. That wouldn't
be good PR for the store.
You're kidding.
And this is from me.
Are you sure?
Shoes are so expensive.
Let me do this much.
Right?
Thank you both.
I can't return the favor. but I'll
do my best in the upcoming match.
What do you mean?
At least promise us a KO!
They're probably
worried about me...
because I haven't
trained enough.
I caused everyone a lot of worry
because of what happened.
I'll try hard.
I'll give this match my very best.
I can't promise a KO because
Saeki-san is a powerful opponent.
But...
I swear I'll win!
How did it go?
Perfect.
The weigh-in went well. too.
Still. they all look like
they're out for blood.
It means that the fight
is already under way.
Featherweight is next.
Go throw some fear into them...
so they don't
take advantage of you!
A-All right. I'll give it
my full concentration.
That's right.
The fight has already begun.
I can't let them
take advantage of me!
Oh. it's Makunouchi
who's got eight consecutive KOs.
He's kind of testy. isn't he?
I know you're ready
to take down all comers...
but there's no need to stare down
guys from different weight classes.
Ow.
S- Saeki-san!
You're Makunouchi-kun!
I'm looking forward to fighting you.
Oh! Ippo's facing down with Saeki!
All right! Give him the evil eye!
P-Pleased to meet you!
Why are you acting shy with the opponent
you're supposed to intimidate?!
Is this it?
So this is the fist that conceals
a wealth of destructive power.
I see.
I heard you were inactive for a while.
but how's your condition?
Don't tell me you injured
your fist or something.
Uh. no. I'm completely fine.
Don't worry.
I see! So you're okay!
Then hit me with
everything you got.
With everything. okay?
"Hit me with everything you got"?
Does that mean
he'll dodge everything?
I don't have confidence.
I didn't get enough practice.
Will I be able to hit the fastest man
in Featherweight with my punches?
He's restless.
Not being able to take part in
training camp is affecting him now.
The kid is the type to gain
confidence from repetitive training.
So he feels pressure
from his lack of training?
Especially because he's up
against a tough customer.
Will I be able to hit him?
Will I be able to hit
the Speed Star?
Chill out. kid!
Flopping around like
a headless chicken won't help you.
Yes. sir.
He's right. I have
to concentrate and quick.
A staffer will call on me
at any minute.
Excuse me...
Umezawa-kun!
Whew. that's a relief.
You're in here!
I've never been in a place like this.
you know. It made me nervous.
Thanks for coming!
I invited the boss
to come along...
but she says
she doesn't want to watch.
Huh? Oh.
Anyway. I thought I'd get a picture
of you in all your glory to show her.
Come on. make a pose.
Huh? L-Like this?
Oh. that's good! The trunks
and the shoes look great.
Okay. cheese!
What do you have to push
to make it do that?
I'm sorry! Hold on.
I'll put in a new roll!
Makunouchi.
please enter the stadium.
We're going. kid.
Right!
I'm sorry!
I didn't mean to get you flustered
when you were concentrating.
Maybe I shouldn't have come.
Watch me. Umezawa-kun.
I'll keep my word!
Umezawa. if that's your name.
I'm grateful for your help.
P- Pardon?
Go for it. Saeki-sempai!
Makunouchi's nothing to fear!
We've been waiting for this!
Makunouchi.
make it another KO!
Sempai is really popular.
Well. it's due to the reversal KOs
every single time.
I believe they're moved by
the struggle of the little guy.
They sure are whooping it up.
I guess that's to be expected
of the most anticipated match.
Are you here on reconnaissance?
That's petty. old guy!
Don't say that. Newbies have
been awfully tough of late.
So. who do you think
will come out on top?
Let me think.
Beats me!
However.
they all have a chance.
Technique. speed.
destructive power.
All of them are excellent
in each category.
For now. I'll enjoy the show.
This match featuring the man with
the strongest fists in Featherweight...
versus the fastest man
will be something to see.
You got it. don't you?
Overpower Saeki's moves
with right body blows.
What about your plan
to use footwork?
Want to test it out?
I won't use footwork.
The match is six rounds.
I can't possibly catch him
with my footwork.
If I can't follow him.
I'll wait for him!
Your aim is good. However.
if you mess up the timing...
he'll make you into a sandbag
right where you stand.
I'll give it everything I've got!
He's different from the guy
I met at the weigh-in.
So he's switched over
from nice guy to bad fighter.
Looks like I won't be bored.
Seconds out!
Now. this is
the much anticipated match!
Will it go to Makunouchi with his power
or to Saeki with his speed?!
The bell is about to ring!
Hey. you! Sound out!
Go. go. Saeki! Go. go. Saeki!
It's gonna start.
Now the bell has rung
to enormous cheers!
Now. let's have a gander at
the power punch you're so proud of!
Saeki begins by
establishing a distance.
Makunouchi... doesn't move!
Makunouchi keeps a firm guard
and observes his opponent.
Saeki makes a lap around the ring
centered on Makunouchi.
But Makunouchi doesn't move!
What's the matter?
Aren't you gonna try to hit me?
The hint is my training
with Yamada-kun.
It's difficult to work when
someone's glaring at you.
I know it's simple.
but I can put it to practical use!
Stare at Saeki-san's
every slightest move!
Saeki looks like
he's having a hard time of it.
That's because. to him. it feels
more like he's being waited for...
instead of being watched.
It's a simple strategy.
but it's effective!
What are you doing?
Exchange blows!
Box!
I can't be the first to make
a move. I must wait.
What's the matter?!
We didn't come here
to see a staring match!
Saeki! Your opponent's
got the jitters!
He does not. I assure you.
If I go near him.
he'll try to bite me.
But will he actually
get his teeth in me?
Whoops. Saeki casually
strides forward.
What is this?
This pose says "Fight me!"
He is clearly trying
to goad Makunouchi!
And he goes closer...
Makunouchi. one-twos!
He lashes out more!
Saeki only defends!
Saeki takes a powerful
body blow with his guard...
and is blown backwards!
Even the Cross Arm block
doesn't absorb the impact.
He's good.
Once again
Saeki establishes a distance.
Whew. that was freaky.
He likes to get up close
on purpose to taste the thrill.
That's how Saeki likes
to raise the tension.
He pushes himself to the brink...
to raise his concentration
to the max.
And then.
he'll gear up one by one.
He brought out the rhythm.
He's coming.
H- He's fast!
He's coming to punch.
Now's my chance!
He's fast! He's fast!
Saeki's speed causes Makunouchi's
punches to swing into thin air!
The Speed Star
demonstrates his specialty!
I'm getting shivers.
This is it! I can't get enough
of this feeling.
It's like Saeki-san is barely
dodging on purpose.
But next time...
He's good.
Take a good look
at Saeki's position.
He can't catch him by himself...
so he's getting help from the corner.
He's really using his head.
Yes.
He's really something.
Now Makunouchi's moving!
A left barrage!
However. Saeki dodges!
Dodges! Dodges and dodges!
That can't be!
Oh. my! Saeki escapes
from the corner!
He doesn't allow Makunouchi's fierce
attack to make a single clean hit!
He is definitely a Speed Star!
Thanks.
That had its share of thrills.
That's... ridiculous!
Clever boxer.
A boxer who fights calmly using
advanced techniques and his brain.
He will monitor
not only his opponent...
but his own condition
objectively throughout a match.
Just when you think you've caught up.
he'll go one level higher.
I still don't want to give up!
I still haven't shown everyone
I made trouble for that I'm okay!
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-